Add rest apis to new_restructure (#2385)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/apis/approvals-rest-api.md

# Workflow Approval API Definition - v1 

> ??? note "Click For Instructions"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
??? note "Click For instructions"
```

Reviewer: check this in the other docs as well. let's make it consistent

>     Do the following to try out the REST APIs with your local instance of WSO2 Identity Server. 

Reviewer: Why has this been changed from "Follow the instructions given below"? IMO "Do the following" sounds incomplete.

      
      1. [Add a new workflow definition](../../../guides/workflows/adding-a-new-workflow-definition/) 
      and [engage the workflow in an operation](../../guides/workflows/engaging-a-workflow-in-an-operation/)

>       2. Perfom few related operations to generate few human task approvals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      2. Perfom a few related operations to generate a few human task approvals.
```

>       3. Click on **Authorize** button and provide desired values for authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      3. Click **Authorize** and provide the desired values for authentication.
```

Reviewer: check in other docs

      4. Expand the relevant API operation and click the **Try It Out** button.  
      5. Fill in relevant sample values for the input parameters and click **Execute**. 

>       You will receive generated sample curl command with the sample values you filled in. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      You will receive a generated sample curl command with the sample values you filled in. 
```
